[[Rough Notes]]
06/01/2025
Today is my second name's name day. I am in my home village again. The atmosphere here is not very pleasant because yesterday a friend of my uncle died, and right now is his funeral.
The last days have been pretty fun. My cousin was in Thessaloniki and we were out pretty much all the time. 

25/12/2024
I's christmas today, I expect a nice day. Woke up at ten in the morning, showered right away and grandma made me coffee and now I am sitting on the table writing. Today my mum and sisters will come visit, as well as my aunt and other cousins. We are going to have a big table today. 
Last night I stayed up late because I wanted to finish punpun. Such a disturbing last ten chapters, I really like the whole story but I need to look up some stuff to realize somethings better. 

24/12/2024
The time is 23:57, and I just came back to grandma's house after being at my uncle's. 
A few things that were in my head previously today:
- Maria lied to grandma about Eliza missing the bus
- When dad sent some messages in the family group chat saying mum does not pay Irene's student fees, Maria said that it might have bothered me because I *Keep everything inside and I get mentally frustrated*.
I do not understand what she's trying to do... Why does she feel like she has to get involved so much in other people's lives based on sole guesses and predictions. How does she know how I feel? Why does she have to make assumptions about such thing without even asking me? And, why did she lie to grandma about my sister missing the bus when in reality, she just didn't want to show up and ignored everyone today? Does she think that lying and getting involved in other people's lives is gonna make something better? Because my grandma is already having a rough life, must she not learn the truth, which is not even that bad? Like, okay, my sister just didn't want to come today, why lie about it? I'm noting this so that I remember to talk to her about this and try to understand why she does such stuff sometimes.
The day was nice. Woke up a little late, at eleven in the morning. I showered. grandma prepared breakfast as usual and after reading punpun for a bit, I went to finally see my uncle at the workshop, where I stayed for around two hours. After that we went with my cousin to choose our grandma's gifts. I got a very nice pair of jeans and a super cool leather jacket. I wore them later that day out of excitement. Then, we had to deliver a couch some 10km away, and then go back to the workshop to feed the chicken and load pellets in the car. Then, we went to grandma to finally eat lunch, and after that I read punpun and slept only a little, before going to my uncle's house for dinner where I was invited. Solid day, nothing went wrong and I was pretty happy.  I don't feel like writing a lot today, it's very late after all and I don't want to force anything.

23/12/2024
Don't read books to get beliefs... Read books to get thoughts and ideas.
*Writing this here because I don't have my journal with me.*
It has been 3 days since I came to my village. It's very calm and cozy here, grandma is taking good care of me and that makes me relax a lot. I got to finish the project for a class but I am looking to enhance it since it's a personal website. Other than that, I did some exercise the second day I got here with my cousin, and planning to do some again tomorrow with him. I've also been reading a lot of the manga; Goodnight Punpun. I like it a lot and feel like I can relate to some of the panels, feeling like I'm in the protagonists place sometimes... 
Today we went to the cemetery to light some candles with grandma, and heard a lot of stories on how some people or died or their backstory in general. My grandma's uncle died in the civil war in 1948. Another relative died in the war in Cyprus in 1972 if I remember correctly. I want to do some research on the stories from the battles of these times, just for educational purposes.
2024 is coming to an end and I can't really get a grasp of that yet. I haven't done much this year, based on what I had planned and set goals for... Really disappointing, but at least I did some stuff. 
I do not know if I want to set goals for next year, or at least what to set as my goals. My mentality wasn't that great in 2024, and I lacked discipline for the majority of the year. First thing that comes in mind is passing my classes in the semester exams in January. I know for sure that I missed a class already because I failed the midterm, and that leaves me with 4 other classes from my current semester, and 2 other classes from last year's semester. That makes it 6 classes which I have to pass. I think it's doable if I study hard, but duh, everything is doable if you study hard. Anyways, that's just me saying obvious stuff but never making them reality. Like, of course I know that if I study I will pass those classes but in the end, I do not study. I just want to be a good student and have a nice career in my life. 
Right now in my brain, my future sits as follow; I finish university and get my degree, while already having a couple of years' work experience. I find a good job in Japan and move there to settle. Sometime after, I get married there and start a family, only if I have a good job and wife. I'd not risk something like that without a sturdy work and relationship. Last thing I want is to either get a divorce or have financial issues, or both! If not Japan, maybe another country, or who knows, maybe I change my mind and decide to stay in Greece. If I get a nice remote job maybe I will move to my village, where it's peaceful and isolated.
My name is Andreas Iordanis Thomaidis, I'm in my second year of university, which is barely going by... I'm not a focused student. My parents are divorced and I live with my dad, where I moved in last year. There is a lot of drama between them, it all started (actually revealed to us) last year. My dad started talking about how mum had taken all his belongings and money which he had earned from all the work he had put in 42 years. Right now, they are working their way to split everything, so that everyone keeps their share. For example, I will keep an apartment. My dad has been talking about building his own house. I don't know... He is 71 years old. In my mind, it's just the illusion of an old man. He knows that he hasn't got much time left in this world, and wants to do something as his last act, and die off in that house. He talks about it often, moving in with his girlfriend, asking me if I want to keep living with him there, stuff like that. Honestly, it bothers me a lot. He barely has any money, and owes to some of his friends, and whatever he gets back from my mum, he spends in the purpose of building that damn house. I don't blame him though. I think I would feel the same way if I had a life like that. I hope that he ends up building that house and living there with his girlfriend, but right now, the situation is so bad and he acts like building a house is such a casual thing. I'm no different from the state of my parents' situation. My friend life is good, I go out whenever I can, and always have people to talk to, even though I barely talk. I only feel free to talk to my best friend, and that's only when we both have something important to say. I have no girlfriend, and have not had one since 2023, almost two years. I feel so bad about it most of the time, but the time I don't  I usually think about me and how to improve myself in every aspect. I don't try though, I have had a lot of chances to talk to someone and go out and do all the regular stuff, but I'm too picky. I want something that will last, more than two damn months. All my relationships haven't lasted more than 2 months, but I can't compare anything, these were relationships when I was younger and nothing really maters to the state I am in right now as a person. But that is a problem that bothers me often, I feel like I need a girlfriend right now, I am so desperate, but not desperate enough to do such thing with whatever girl I find in a night out. I had my chance the other day in a party but I didn't do anything cause I thought "Man, this is pointless, even if we make out right now and even have sex, what is the point? I wouldn't start a relationship with her anyways...". That's they way I have been thinking. I just want something serious. So, my life is constantly being dragged down by the thought that I don't have a girlfriend. Also, I do not have a clear view of what I really want to do in my life. I need something to at least have a motive to do the work I need to do now, like study in university. I do not have a single motive that is strong enough to push me to start studying a lot.
That is all I have in my mind right now, and not just now. I think about these often. Typing these was definitely better than writing. When I write I stop after about 200 words or so, and so far I have typed 1,200. 
